java c N1613 Integrated Reporting GROUP PRESENTATIONS 10% IN-CLASS ASSESSMENT Overview Group Presentation constitutes 10% of your final assessment and will be conducted during the course of workshops in weeks 5, 6,7,8,9,10 and 11. Pick one from the list of topics provided below:

Climate Change and Sustainability Reporting
Water Accounting Practices in Sustainability Reporting
Role of Technology in Sustainability Reporting
Human Rights in Organisations and Sustainability Reporting
Role of Auditing in providing Assurance on Sustainability Reports
Social Impact of Sustainability Reporting Practices
Influence of Sustainability Reporting on Environmental Impact of Companies
Impact of Governance on Corporate Sustainability Initiatives and Sustainability Reporting
Impact of local/national factors on sustainability reporting practices across the globe
Intellectual Capital in Sustainability and Sustainability Reporting
Value Creation and Sustainability Reporting
Effectiveness of Corporate Carbon Accounting Practices Learning Outcomes ● LO1 Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of issues covered in this module and their relevance to accounting and the role of the accountant. ● LO2 Critically evaluate the benefits of sustainability reporting and the role of standard-setting organisations in the evolution of corporate reporting systems. ● LO3 Communicate well with peers to work effectively as part of a group. General Guidance
 Number   of   topics   to   be   presented   -   1 -   Pick   1   topic   out   of   the   10   listed   above.
 Materials such as   book chapters   and   journal articles   on the topics   in   the   list will   be   uploaded   on   Canvas.
 Format of presentation -   PowerPoint Slides
 Mode of assessment - On campus   unless   exempted by   university due to exceptional circumstances   -   During   workshops   over Weeks   5,7,8,   9,   10 and   11.
 Each   group   can   choose   a   week   between weeks 5-11 for   presenting   (except   Week   6, Reading   Week)   . One student from each group should post on a Padlet (allocated to their Workshop Group) on Canvas the following information: 
a) Names of group members b) Week chosen for the presentation. This should be done by the end of week 4. Please do not send group names/lists to the module convener or workshop tutor via email. 6) Students will be allowed to choose their group members from within theirrespective workshop groups. 7) Students from different workshops are not allowed to form. a group for this assessment. 8) Number of students presenting from each group - maximum 5 and minimum 3. 9) Length of presentation - Maximum 20 minutes and minimum 10 minutes. 10)Students will be assessed individually - This means that students in the same group could get different marks based on individual performance. Each student is expected to present approximately 3-4 minutes. 11) Students are requested to avoid reading off notes. Occasionally referring to notes is absolutely fine (you do not have to memorise everything) but continuously reading off notes without any real involvement in the presentation or without any engagement with the audience should preferably be avoided. 12) Audience participation - Students not presenting are encouraged to pose questions to the presenting team at the end of each presentation. 13)The presentation should be submitted individually at the submission point on Canvas by every member of each group by the date set on Sussex Direct and Canvas. The full names (as stated on Sussex Direct) and candidate numbers of all group members should be written on the title slide. Specific Guidance on the Contents of the Presentation (Suggested outline of the presentation) Title Slide - Topic Title, Full names, and Candidate numbers of all group members Slide 1 Introduction - Introduce the topic with definitions and explanations of key issues within the topic that you wish to focus on. Select a corporate scandal/ a success story that demonstrates the misuse/ excellent use 代 写N1613 Integrated ReportingSQL 代做程序编程语言of any one or two of the 4 additional capitals (Human, Social and Relational, Intellectual or Natural) identified in sustainability reporting.
Slide 2 Introduce the case/ company/ scandal and overall impact. Slides 3 4 Identify the triggers/key events / occurrences in the scandal/ success story and link these events / facts of the scandal (non- financial) to the key issues identified in Slide 1. Slide 5 Discussion and Conclusion - Analytic reflections and critical discussion of the strategies of the company in the context of the scandal or success story as well as the related information provided in their sustainability report. Briefly summarize your findings. Further guidance on presentations will be provided during lectures and workshops. Marking Criteria Marks % Range Criteria (all 5 criteria are equally weighted) Content, knowledge and understanding Critical thinking, originality, and reflection. Evidence of Reading Referencing and Bibliography Presentation, writing style, grammar and spelling First class 70 - 100 Exceptional knowledge and conceptual understanding of complex issues, and the development and advancement of ideas and practice. i.e. in relation to incorporation of sustainability in value chain processes. Critical insightful evaluation and synthesis of complex high level of originality and reflection. A high degree of independence of thought and critical judgement. Knowledge and understanding beyond the essential and desirable readings provided and the lecture and seminar discussions. Outstanding referencing and bibliography. Evidence of a substantive use of a wide range of learning resources (i.e. draw on multiple relevant sources and refer to them in the list of references). Outstanding, well-directed presentation, logically and coherently structured. A high degree of originality in writing, with excellent spelling, punctuation and grammar (SPaG). 2.1 60 - 69 Wide knowledge and depth of understanding of complex issues, and the development of ideas and practice. Critical evaluation and synthesis of complex issues and material which includes an original and reflective approach. A good degree of independence of thought and critical judgement. Evidence of extensive reading of supplementary sources. Good knowledge and understanding beyond the essential and desirable readings provided and the lecture and seminar discussions. Comprehensive referencing and bibliography. Evidence of use of a wide range of learning resources (i.e. draw on a range of relevant sources and refer to them in the list of references). Excellent presentation, logically structured. A good degree of originality in writing, with good spelling, punctuation and grammar (SPaG). 2.2 50 - 59 Appropriate knowledge and depth of understanding of some of the main issues, with some understanding of their development in practice Some critical evaluation and synthesis of key issues and material. Some degree of independence of thought and critical judgement, although the writing can be descriptive. Evidence of reading supplementary sources. Knowledge and understanding of the essential and desirable readings provided and some engagement with the lecture and seminar discussions. Adequate referencing and bibliography. Orderly presentation, clear structure and acceptable grammar and spelling 3rd class - pass 40 - 49 Basic knowledge and depth of understanding of key issues, principles and concepts. Some evaluation and synthesis of issues and material. Limited evidence of reading Limited referencing and bibliography Adequate presentation and structure, grammar, spelling and citation Fail 0 - 39 Limited and/or superficial knowledge of key issues, principles and concepts Limited evaluation and synthesis of issues and material Minimal evidence of reading Inadequate referencing and bibliography Poor/inadequate presentation and structure, grammar, spelling and citation Further guidance on how you may approach this assessment will be provided in the lectures and workshops.You are required to provide appropriate references to cite the source of the report used for analysis.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
